# Pocillopora-Lagoon-Abundance

## Research question :
###What are the diversity, relative abundance, and skeletal morphologies of Pocillopora species in Moorea French Polynesia and does this differ between the adult and juvenile stages and across reef locations?

Many scientific papers identify species from a morphological rather than a genetic point of view despite the presence of cryptic species that are unidentifiable by morphology (e.g., Johnston et al. 2018). Indeed, in the Pocilloporidae family we can find similarities in morphology (Johnston et al. 2017, Schmidt-Roach et al.2013) but this confusion in morphological identification can compromise scientific knowledge by confounding studies of mixed species. In recent years, however, progress has been made and in-depth research into the genetic identification of species has been carried out in order to better understand their compositions (Gélin et al. 2017, Flot and Tilier. 2016). On the island of Moorea, the Pocilloporidae family is one of the major families in the composition of coral reefs (Tsounis and Edmunds. 2016, Adjeroud et al. 2009). As a result of numerous disturbances such as cyclones, predation by Acanthatster plancii and coral bleaching (Pérez-Rosales et al. 2021), the presence and relative abundance of coral species have shifted leading to changes in species communities (Pérez-Rosales et al. 2021, Pratchett et al. 2011). Following the disturbances and rapid recovery by Pocillopora spp., it is critical to understand settlement and recruitment and post recruitment processes that affect survivorship.

